# Word-Guess-Game

<strong>GT GAMEDAY GUESS!</strong> is an addictive word guess game styled after the classic "Hangman", but with the added pageantry of America's greatest sporting tradition, college football!  Users play as one of the most tradition rich institutions in the history of college football, the <strong> Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets! </strong>  

In the spirit of the theme, the game board is a classic era jumbotron scoreboard like you would find at college football stadiums around the nation.  The game word the player guesses is Georgia Tech's opponent for the round, which will be the name of a random NCAA Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) school.  The game features more than 60 schools for extended challenging gameplay.  

A player receives 5 guesses each round.  If a player chooses a letter that was already guessed in the round or enters a key that is not a letter, the referee's whistle will alert the player to choose again.  
The player's remaining guesses are represented on the scoreboard in the format of a clock, such that the game clock appears to have 5 seconds remaining (0:05) at the beginning of each round.  With every missed guess, a second comes off the clock so that the player feels the anxiety of time running out, just like in the high stakes of a college football game where every second matters.  

If the player fully uncovers the name of the opponent before the guess clock reaches "0:00" and time expires, Georgia Tech scores a touchdown and is credited with 7 points on the scoreboard.  And just like on Saturdays at Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field, a Tech touchdown cues the Yellow Jacket Marching Band to play their traditional post touchdown classic "White and Gold" followed by the greatest fight song ever written, "Ramblin' Wreck from Georgia Tech!"  But it isn't all glory.  If the player runs out of guesses before uncovering the name of the opponent, the opponent scores a touchdown and is credited with 7 points.  The jumbotron will display a message confirming the touchdown with the name of the opponent the player failed to uncover.  And the player better be ready to hear about it from the Bobby Dodd Stadium faithful.  

Each touchdown marks the end of the round, after which the player can continue with the current game score against the next opponent by pressing the SPACE bar, or restart the game score and begin from scratch by pressing ESCAPE.  Think you can surpass the score of Georgia Tech's epic all-time college football record setting score of 222-0 over Cumberland College in 1916?  Now is your chance with <strong>GT GAMEDAY GUESS!</strong>  I "guess" it's time we kick off the action!